artist - represents artists

	id					original index - tracks artists
	name 				artist's name (primZary alias and variation)
	realname 			artist's real name
	profile				text description (LONG)
	data_quality		might be useful?

artist_alias - represents the alias(es) of an artist

	artist_id			matches index of 'artist'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because artists often have multiple aliases
	alias_name			artist's aliases (secondary aliases)

artist_namevariation - represents the name variation(s) of an artist

	artist_id			matches index of 'artist'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because artists often have multiple name variations
	name				name variations from primary alias (secondary variations)

group_member - relates artists that are groups

	group_artist_id		matches index of 'artist' - is the id of the group
							IS NOT UNIQUE (by definition) bc each group has multiple artists
	member_artist_id	matches index of 'artist' - is the id which is a member of that group
							IS NOT UNIQUE because some artists are in multiple groups

label - represents the labels that did the release

	id 					original index - tracks labels
	name 				label's name as string (UNIQUE)
	contact_info		text description
	profile				text description
	parent_name			name of parent label
	data_quality		might be useful?

master - represents "master releases," each a common reference to an album's multiple releases

	id 					original index - tracks "master releases"
	title				the name of the album
	year				release year
	main_release		matches an index in 'releases' that is considered the 'main' one
	data_quality		might be useful?

master_artist - represents the artists of each master release - 2 499 432 total records
combo of (master_id, artist_id) is unique on 2 491 010 records
the remaining ones are where the same artist counted themselves as the artist multiple times but used name variations :(

	master_id			matches index of 'master'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because masters often have multiple artists
	artist_id 			matches index of 'artist'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because artists often have multiple masters
	anv 				anv = artist name variation, if applicable (mostly null)
	position			if a release has multiple artists, specifies order listed
	join_string			how multiple artist names are joined syntactically
							e.g. , / & - And Feat.

master_genre - gives each master release a genre

	master_id			matches index of 'master'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because masters often belong in multiple genres
	genre 				textual name of the genre (there are only 15 genres!!!)

master_style - gives each master release a style

	master_id			matches index of 'master'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because masters often belong in multiple styles
	style 				textual name of the style (there 602 styles!)

release - represents all releases

	id 					original index - tracks "releases"
	title				the title of the release
	released 			string representing WHEN it was released
							NOT reliable for sorting because it's a string
	country				country released in
	notes				text description
	data_quality		might be useful?
	master_id			matches index of 'master'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because masters often have multiple releases
	main 				i added this, it's 1 if it's the main release
	status				might be useful?

release_artist - artists responsible for release, including artists beyond primary artist

73 327 538 total records

combo of (master_id, artist_id) is unique on 2491010 records
the remaining ones are where the same artist counted themselves as the artist multiple times but used name variations :(

	release_id			matches index of 'release'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often have multiple artists
	artist_id 			matches index of 'artist'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because artists often have multiple releases
	extra				if 0, the primary artist. if 1, a non-primary artist
	anv 				anv = artist name variation, if applicable (mostly null)
	position			if a release has multiple artists, specifies order listed
	join_string			how multiple artist names are joined syntactically
							e.g. , / & - And Feat.
	role 				describes artist's role on the release - null indicates primary artist
							e.g. Producer, Written-By, Drums, Engineer, Mastered By, etc.
	tracks				string describing which tracks the artist contributed to
							e.g. 1, A, B1, etc.

release_company - company responsible for release
	release_id			matches index of 'release'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often have multiple artists
							and furthermore, releases with multiple separate "parts," like a 
							very large CD box set have separate rows for each part
	company_id			this is a new index
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often have multiple company credits
							and furthermore, releases with multiple separate "parts," like a 
							very large CD box set have separate rows for each part
	company_name		the company name
	entity_type			string of a number representing what the company did
	entity_type_name	string representing what the company did, there are 32 possible values
							e.g. Published By, Phonographic Copyright, Copyright, Recorded At

release_format - format of release
	release_id			matches index of 'release'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often have multiple separate parts  
							e.g. a very large CD box set has separate rows for each part
	name 				text descriptor of format, e.g. Vinyl, CD, File, Cassette, CDr, Shellac
							there are 63 formats
	qty 				# of distinct pieces of media in the release (e.g. large CD box set)
	text_string			additional text descriptor describing a special quality of the release
							e.g. 320 kbps, Gatefold, Digipak, Red, Cardboard Sleeve, Clear
	descriptions		semicolon-delimited set of text descriptors for the release
							e.g. Album, LP, Compilation, 7", 45 RPM, Single, MP3, etc.

release_genre - genre of release
	release_id			matches index of 'release'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often belong in multiple genres
	genre 				textual name of the genre (there are only 15 genres!!!)

release_identifier - extra info about the pressing (often etched on vinyl)
	release_id			matches index of 'release'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often have multiple elements
							of media, which have different etchings, etc
	description 		describes the kind of info it is, e.g. Text, Scanned, Side A, Side B
	type 				describes info source, e.g. Matrix / Runout, Barcode, Rights Society
	value 				the etching itself, e.g. GEMA, BMI, BIEM, ASCAP, JASRAC, none, DDD

release_label - label info on release.
	release_id			matches index of 'release'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often relate to multiple labels
	label_name			name of the label - can be used as a key
							IS NOT UNIQUE because labels often have multiple releases
	catno 				catalogue number

release_style - style of release
	release_id			matches index of 'release'
							IS NOT UNIQUE because releases often belong in multiple styles
	style 				textual name of the style (there are only 602 styles)


-- new ideas

-- Master with most releases for each genre?
-- How many releases in each media format were made each year?
